http://www.thejournal.ie/baby-boxes-newborn-1993473-Mar2015/
Wow, I am completely appalled (yet again). Although I am 0% surprised. 
Many causes have led to such a problem.  To elaborate briefly...

This problem runs DEEP and knowing the truth on this topic will potentially lead to death 
-- it is only recently that NOT knowing the truth has become fatal.

Thus, it will soon be time for me to start explaining how we have got here.
Because it seems that too few people are aware of this and most will lose their lives because they are completely oblivious -- we have been deceived!



For now, I will begin with this preface --

I'm about to start spilling some truth here and everywhere.
Reading what I say in a hurry or with a distracted mind is a bad idea.
Because if you do, you will not be able to easily control your true logical reasoning --
You'll be reacting instead of responding. 
In other words, you'll likely close up and become defensive and reject it (react), instead of being thoughtful and connecting the dots (respond).

Do not fear or feel upset at the idea that I say "you'll be reacting vs responding" -- 
it is human nature and something we all learn and apply in our lives to varying degrees in various situations. 
So you very well might know to and make your best effort in responding instead of reacting.

It is just probably a good idea to define these things and understand before proceeding --

You will likely NOT believe the truth. 
I have had a very hard time with it and I had rejected many parts of it myself initially.
This is because we have been programmed since birth to reject such claims as being completely delusional.

Please Google "cognitive dissonance" -- this is what you will likely experience.

The sooner everyone begins to start learning how to understand and cope with the real truth,
which is basically figuring out what actually lies at each end of the "good vs evil" spectrum,
the better :)

It may be wise to refer back to this as needed or save the text
If you disagree now, you will agree once you get neck-deep in the truth--and you'll be very, very happy :D 
(and also sad, because to know the bestest thing you must also know the worstest thing:
see, it is a spectrum that has many points between worse and best)


Some strategies I've found useful:

Find a quiet place, and make yourself comfortable, before digging into the truth.
If possible, consider taking some vacation time to buy time to do your own research.

Yes, this stuff is actually more important than you think -- 
the more you learn, the more you'll value life --
this is a tiny piece of the reward

Great things lie ahead once you start literally asking the universe for the truth!

Learn how to detect and throw your ego aside, and start learning how to open your mind, and open your heart.

Listen to your heart. Quiet your mind. 

Start asking big questions and branch into small questions.

If you become angry or confused, ask yourself, "Why do I feel this way?", then pause.
Once an answer comes to you, ask yourself, "why?"
Once that answer comes to you, ask yourself, "why?" -- Keep iterating as necessary.

If you have trouble, first consider switching to a diet of whole foods (vegetables, fruits, nuts, seeds, berries, superfoods, etc...), and after a few weeks, loop back around.
Please ask me if you have any questions and I am also happy to share my food story!

That is all for now!






Baby boxes are found throughout the world, and I am sure there are many legitimate ones. This good reputation, however, creates an opportunity for terrible purposes.

Sure, the *idea* is well-intended. And I am sure some percentage of babies are cared for very well, as a front to hide the real purpose.

1| Look at WHO is behind this: "Knights of Columbus"
A Catholic fraternity. The Catholic church is a complete disgrace to the Lord Almighty.
It was infiltrated many years ago by Satan: it was the first and highest priority institution to be targeted.
Quick question to get you thinking: Why does everyone worship on Sunday when they were told to do so on the Sabbath, a Saturday?
PLEASE do your own research to learn about this stuff. 

I know everyone likes to go to work, come home, relax, and go back to work -- and ignore the rest of the world. I do too! It is comfortable to NOT think about these things!
But it has come to the time where I and you will soon regret ignoring the truth (hint: the future is NOT looking pretty).

Send me your email address and I will explain more when time permits. 
I have aggregated a LOT of links to information -- so I will be happy to share further and discuss it over a more secure medium.

2| Blood sacr1fices are REAL. This is NOT fantasy.
WARNING -- THE TRUTH WILL HURT !
This guy, "Rabbi Finkelstain" is a "fake" Jew, or a deciever that the Lord talked about in his Word.
I believe the radio talk host makes it pretty clear, but just wanted to make sure you understand, in case you are not familiar with this topic.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANBMxG_LO9Y
If you don't believe him, you haven't done enough research and haven't connected the dots yet.
He is blantantly telling the truth because he knows his time has come so he might as well not bother hiding it anymore and rub it in our faces: nobody will believe him anyways!

Google "missing children statistics" and you will see that about 800,000 children go missing each year. That's a LOT!
Where do they all go? And, how do we know that number isn't much greater?

And, where do the babies go after the drop-off box? I still need to do more research, but I have not yet found a quick and easy answer to this, which is a bit disturbing.
I think we all *assume* they go to a local hospital (if you're not dropping your baby off *at* the hospital -- as I said, it needs to look legit!). However, assuming things is BAD!
If these baby boxes are "anonymous", there is no tracking of them, and thus -- there is zero accountability from within the organization that takes care of the babies.

3| If the homeless are being rounded up ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrrI5asmwz0 ) and it is now illegal in some areas to FEED them,
and unemployment is MUCH larger than advertised ( http://freedomoutpost.com/if-you-want-to-know-the-truth-about-the-unemployment-rate-read-this-article/ ), what makes you think all these children are being taken care of?

Once you do your research (and I mean: you need to start dedicating HUNDREDS of hours before you even begin to get enough puzzle pieces so you may put them together to start seeing the truth), 
you might begin to understand. There are layers upon layers of deception, so you need to literally start asking for the truth!

Other leads to info for you to follow up with your own research:

1| DH$ and W4lm4rt are teaming up to create F3MA c4mps (aka pr1s1ons) for when the pending econ0mic c0ll4pse occurs ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gt75casGpbc ) -- 
If you saw the Finkelstain interview, recall, they just need to 'flip the switch'. 
A potential red flag will be a "bank holiday" -- where banks are closed on a Friday for, supposedly just over the weekend due to a "suspected virus" or some similar excuse, although it is permanent.

Want to see what it will look like? Google "venezuela store" and look around for the food shortages, empty shelves, etc...
The landscape will change after many devastations.
There will soon be a w4r, here, in Am3rica -- and it will happen so suddenly you won't see it coming.

Take the chance while you still have the choice! 
Educate and deprogram yourselves -- first thing you need to do is stop watching the TV and start asking questions!
Want some more recent truth? --> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VwcYqFjvNpQ

**
IGNORANCE IS NO LONGER BLISS
IT HAS NOW BECOME FATAL
**






Plan:
Get airplane private
find somebody to fly the plane





























Review from TruthUnveiled777:

Ok..
..
 It took me weeks to get over the first; embarrassment, then anger, then repentance for allowing myself to be so deceived regarding flat earth, Lunar/Solar New Moon Sabbath (although its right there in scripture),
 the bull crap tool of the evil one, NASA, (my hero's as a boy and got me into aviation in the military), moon landings and fake ISS and GPS, even gravity..
. (and Im an educated man~IT & Engineering~). Through much prayer and discernment I quickly realized I had been duped as with so many issues these last almost seven years now. 
Ever since I had an 18 minute death experience to shake me to attention, and If that wasn't traumatic enough,
 then taken on a heart changing walk through great suffrage of tremendous losses and abandonment  in all aspects of life..
. I had an epiphany followed by chain of miracles throughout the following several years  and continue to this day..
..
 A process, preparing me for what is about to occur now..
..
 I noticed something odd the other day. This September will be "seven" years since my death experience..
. "Seven" years..
..
 Odd number ya think, if while considering these very ends day/hours we live..
..
 I don't know about you..
..
 But looking around? Things are about to go from bad to much worse I am suspecting by the end of this year. I hope you guys are preparing..
..
 LEAVE the cities/urban sprawl..
. Like yesterday. Pray and he will make a way..
. But you will need to change..
..
 That all being said..
..
 I have one issue with a statement you made..
. Having not yet researched nor prayed regarding this issue. I wanted to ask you..
..
 Can you please reference for me where you obtained this information regarding the "nukes" not existing? Are you telling me the test's were somehow faked? Hey? They faked the moon walk..
? Why couldn't they fake the "bomb" And now? NOTHING surprises me and most definitely don't believe a dam thing coming from a employee of the best system including the SUNday and SATURNday churches,
 He even has the Jews observing SATURNday from a pagan calendar??? Are we not taught the Sun, moon, and stars are for times and seasons? Research the Lunisolar calendar..
.I asked to Yahusha..
. He confirmed to me at several request followed by em-meditate confirmations that this was true and can be referenced I believe 18 times in scriptures, as well as other writings..
. I believe what Yahshua has revealed to me..
. My mission is about to start..
. very soon..
. You gotta point me to some credible information for me to research..
. Man?  "MANY" refuse to realize just exactly what is Babylon and how deep and long the deceptions and lies have been going..
..
 Refuse to remove those blinders and look as the veil is lifted and they are exposed..
. As in the days of NOAH, so will it be in the coming of Yahushua..
. Reply with some links..
.﻿





















