10:20
11:20




```i dont think our good hearted military would ever obay said orders```
Our military wouldn't but the UN troops and foreign mercenaries (that hate USA) that they're bringing in would

--------------------

Okay -- many great ideas:
```no-highlight
1| UpGarden is a great idea. However, we need to act swiftly. 
   A decisive strategy is needed: need to be able to get something rolling quickly and shared with 
   immediate family, friends, and friends of friends -- then build up as time permits.

2| Expose the truth through websites: Yes -- we should do that. What we need is a team. 
   We want a team where all members are on the same level of awareness *and* realization. 
   
   I say realization, because the scale of these revelations is beyond imagination.
   Based on personal experience, it takes some time and reinforcement to learn how to stay awake. 
   Over time, your realization will increase.
   
   The true reality that I have concluded is that at the least, our way of life is about to begin changing drastically, and at the worst, many are going to die.
   That is the first thing we need to realize and prepare spiritually for.
   
   I got to the part in my research where I said, "Welp, looks like the only person that can help us now is Jesus.
   Because I really see no way out of this according to the current state of affairs"
   Then soon I started reading a few lines of scripture, and it made sense to me...
   then the alien connection really sealed the deal that yeah, this stuff is real.
   
   Also, an alien abduction was cancelled by the name "Jesus Christ", so I'm tending to believe, based on previous conciousness research, that
   although there may be multiple names for Him, the intention (emotion, feeling behind the words) matters the most.
   
   So we need a team where the members are at minimum, a certain threshold of awareness.
   
   Members contribute to project(s) that they are most concerned with -- 
        could be self-sustainability, 
        could be awareness spreading via video/blog, 
        could be education via articles/database
        
   Keep in communication, share ideas. Focus fire on a particular project to make progress fast if necessary.
   
   
   
   

3| thats why i want to move to CO or oregon or MI
   CO -- NWO major hub. Stay far away from here, or be super duper ninja secret
   Oregon -- Don't get near the coastline. Inland, yeah. Will have to look at my survival book for more advice.
   MI -- Far Western U.P. is the only safe place. Flooding is possible, and most of eastern MI (U.P. and L.P.) will be wiped out 
   
   In my research, the best bet is to leave the country and head to a mountainous area in a far off land 
   somewhere away from typical natural disasters

```




Nobody knows the timing of some future major events. However, we can look at current events and the rate at which intensity is increasing.
The truth is that things are speeding up (literally--according to some geological-based research since the 1980s)
in the last century, and now I believe we are hitting the exponential part of the curve.
+



So what do? First, relocate somewhere safe or identify a spot to go to in case of emergency and have a backup plan if normal transportation is unavailable
Stock up on food and supplies:
prepare to be able to filter water from a nearby source (not your tap), 
prepare for no internet, 
no electricity, 
no food in the stores
+
Stock up just enough to get you off to a more permanent safe place (if you're currently in an urban area --you will need to relocate).
At your permanent safe place, employ sustainable practices: 
garden, solar power, rainwater collector, etc...
+
While you're getting prepared, inform family and friends. Tell them straight up the immediate nature of this preparation.
+
My idea is to build a community that can work together to survive: surviving all alone isn't fun! nor is it smart.


Because here is the thing: I don't think anyone wants to leave family behind. 
If we're not leaving family and (probably other friend's families), then we absoultely need to prepare to support more than just ourselves or else GG


But they must be educated, and we must share what we know. Once we learn how to spread being self-sustainable, we can build a community of self-sustainers.
In time of disaster, we all go to our emergency locations (or already live there), and we have a network of families/houses/groups spread across a large patch of land




 self sustainability  at a larger scale
So that is why people need to get on board and educated with what is really happening and why we need to be able to GTFO when the time comes



But the idea is that both a long-term and medium-term plan is needed, and everyone should have a short term as well






It is impora

eople need to get on board and educated with what is really happening and why we need to be able to GTFO when the time comes

































