Wow, critical addition to video: TheEconomistNewWorldOrder. Showed up on YouTube a moment ago (apparently this aired only 3 weeks ago! The Plan has not even changed due to Q --they even call it a world order! Makes sense though, Q is the one behind it and wants to wipe it out as far as I currently understand it to replace it with the New Order [that is why Rev Ken Peters say that they called it the "New Order" not the "New World Order"])
if time allows I might add more to the video (it never ends) or make a second one with only critical questions from the full_circle doc because most of that is just random stuff I wrote down following a feeling or recalling memories. but for now I'll add stuff to this post reply for fun and easy merging into any potential second or improved video.

Wow, also noticed. They basically say war on China: we run on a debt-based system where the debt is owed to an international conglomerate of bankers and organizations run by the Vatican (don't forget, the Devil infiltrated and deceived those in the Church first, so they have the highest level of witchcraft practices [see those who go to churches to openly counter/slander those who are there for a positive benefit, and also see mass church ceremonies that may be running deliberately to trick people into giving money or participating in harmful activities such as deliberately avoiding discussing certain topics {see the book John Tyler Gatto and Weapons of Mass Instruction to understand how Education Systems may also be corrupt} ] ) and may be called in at any time. Because of this, the economic reset is worldwide and will be flipped like a lightswitch. Trump made Setember (or August?) last year Preparedness Month so he may be trying to help everyone understand that with the 2-week social media net pause, riots may cause serious issues and this time, Serious martial law will be enacted and everyone better have the 3 or 4(?) weeks of food recommended by Trump if they do not plan on relocating and creating a Self-Sustaining Area to live beforehand. Now, he said he will shut it down because of the elections and fake stuff happening. So because of that, we can imagine maybe the Net Pause being the first couple weeks of November. That is what I am currently feeling. I heard Trump had to make some big decisions in 90 days from April (so in July) , and Rhonda Empson from YouTube had a dream about the Month of July Twice (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xy6I54wKLs ) . It was also published on May 1, exactly 2 months from July 1, so there is technically ample time from the occurrence of the dream to the possible suggestion of the dream's event, that would make sense for those who are on the Watch can prepare for whatever might happen. Scroll down the comments for my thoughts on it (PerfectfireIII).