UN/Q/Trump will likely be taking down social media networks soon:
https://www.bitchute.com/video/Dq7HXBhfDScY/
"
A compilation of photos and videos to encore the Reset of Humanity and the Second Coming of Jesus and the Second Mass Exodus
DATA_MAP Google Sheet Link with all documentation:
https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1PouhhpraaYzs4k_R9UMSPFK9EO9UJoh-ozwbKSKgWYw/edit?usp=sharing
"
This is based on what Trump recently mentioned publicly. See Q/QANON posts from 2018. Also see latest updates on 8kun (https://8kun.top/truthlegion/index.html).
This is the  NET PAUSE Q mentioned on 8Chan and I mentioned in the April-May 2018 (QANON/ INTEL I/ INTEL II) and August 2018 (geoengineering-related/hurricane) email to many I knew at Michigan Technological University, Indiana, Interactive Intelligence, and locally. 
For those on Facebook that I have not talked to yet, the physical change to my body has kept me distracted and I and cannot manage most things since September of 2018 when I had to start physically making noise out of my esophagus  (see getting Set Free in the Bible -- Byron Stearle and others on YouTube mention a physical transformation and something like that happened to me in September of 2016 [but I only felt a *little* different, not a lot and the transformation is still evolving / growing]). I trust that those I already told, will believe, and they will propagate the message. 
Now that the planned biowar (COVID-19) and executive orders by the President has started, we are on the final trek. Things in America (Mystery Babylon) will begin getting very bad by December of 2020.
"Hindsight is like 20/20 Vision". And this phrase is only useful to you if you heed the warning, by the END of 2020 (see William Mount , James Munder, Dahboo77, or message me for more connections). If you are not prepared with a time, a time, and a half time of of survival food or have not talked to any preppers (see LatterRain333 on YouTube for Safe Haven and related discussion) and ready to flee, any procrastination at this point may land you depending on FEMA and accepting Government Emergency Aid. If you wish to learn what a FEMA experience is like, see extended interviews of America's Hurricane Katrina victims held in the Superdome in 2005. You can also ask me, as randomly last year I was picked up by the Local Police and taken to a hospital where I was surrounded by Crisis Actors, and talking to ANYONE while in the hospital is OBSOLETE. They have been given Orders by those behind closed doors and are no longer able to make decisions based on supporting Humanity.

Wanted to include this in the video too but forgot: Aaron Russo on Nick Rockefeller and the NWO who is planning Economic Collapse. Unfortunately, I cannot find the exact interview where Aaron describes the Dow going to 18k to 5k to collapse (which is very suspicious as the Dow just went to 18k and is now bouncing back up -- I spent too much energy already trying to find the interview so if someone finds it let me know):
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYeI6uRAqtc
EDIT: Here is another Aaron Russo Interview I've seen before but don't remember what is in it (other than the Federal Income Tax being optional):
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nX-03Sf1wDo



I believe her As Above So Below Gaia scheme on Instagram last Easter was a signal from the Illuminati and she might be involved in some crazy stuff she don't talk about, maybe this can help protect her against the cabal (and especially you too if you learned something you weren't supposed to so now you should be safe). She likely joined a modeling agency like that Aaron Russo talks about (see the additional comment video) that is connected deeply to big money and they have her do stuff in a certain order (Angel first [Above] , Demon second [Below] , Gaia [Earth] ) to represent the truth in the reality (e.g. they make fun of us behind closed doors, those of us who don't understand or believe it (concept of demons and angels) is all fake to help hide their child sex trafficing and early-age personality-splitting practices). I suppose it is all supposed to happen like the bible describes: "Mystery Babalyon falls In a hour" where an Hour is a Year and 2020 is that year starting 3.5 Years after September 9th, 2016 (going from normalcy to a post-COVID-19 world to a severly depressed COVID-19 world to War). The plan is to weaken America first, then China and Russia are said to invade. That will happen likely well after Agenda 2021 kicks off, 2025+ possibly. These Riots are planned and paid for. Everything is working as intended. Prophecies tell us that many in the End Days would not listen (cognitive dissonance). I see that--unless you spent enough time studying all of this stuff and being physically healthy while doing so ('Cleanse the temple' meaning detox), it seems unlikely you will ever care it is worth looking into. This is because of the Devil team's ability that make other things take priority over health, such as the act of making money itself, which is why select few people influenced since birth (heavily demon-infiltrated humans who are the 1%ers) completely take full advantage of others for more money {e.g. Rothschild, Rockefeller}]). Possibly, those in high frequency areas who eat unhealthy will look into certain topics just as deep as those who are healthy but in a low frequency area.
No, the earth is not flat. I believe it has a curavture and that is shown in the video if you are healthy enough to see it.


Well, I'll put the old cover photo back. Really don't like getting distracted with all the potential Angies (maybe there is a new one every 3 years and the old one moves away and doesn't tell anyone [I remember seeing a comment her old boyfriend posted saying she was fake]). as it was a last minute idea (I had forgot she had tattoos or stickers too so that is why that isn't in the movie [with no context it is odd being the cover].) This video is actually supposed to be about helping people understand how to move out of the way of danger (e.g. COVID-19 is a setup to encore the Mark of the Beast that will surprise everybody), Jesus' judgements on America (e.g. Chuck Youngbrandt vision that Rioting will happen and then Military comes in and kills rioters on the spot -- although Trump hasn't *Yet* afaik been able to send in the Military, he will likely and then UN Peacekeeper Troops [blue helmet] will come in, and that will encore the visions of many that say it will be dreadful to live in America), and conspiracies in general, but since I moved back to MI I've noticed a handful of strange things (e.g. noticing Angie having multiple tattoo or stickers, Angie doing weird stuff on Instagram during Easter, my family trying to get me to do a black magic ritual on Easter of 2019 as well, people locally asking odd questions, and someone at Havenwyck saying "all my friends are bugged") and based on pressure on my head, decided to just throw it all in instead of thinking more about it (e.g. logic like "could there be a local conspiracy? well, if there is, it most certainly doesn't matter if the West Coast is going in the ocean soon." usually prevents me from being concerned about what the Porch light signaling means on Clear St. ). But, then I think, what the hey, throw it in anyway. Social media is going down soon in a couple months probably (I believe there is currently weak legislature to do so in progress). I think all the Angie stuff is detailed in the video diagram portion so the cover photo can be something new entirely or nothing at all.

Now that I look at this more, there very well could be more than 1 angie throughout history. How can Angie indicate a tattoo is real ("it is red at the moment") and have it on the left side of her body 19 May 2011 but a month earlier, 24 Mar 2011, show a picture of her with a Snow White Tattoo on her right arm, but then have different tattoo on her right arm when I dated her in 2014-2015. And nowadays she seems to have them on her left arm. I could've sworn she had *one* tattoo on *both* arms one time when she was in the apartment in Indiana with me. But what do I know. I'm going to sleep. Hopefully I won't remember this when I wake up Lol because it can get actually very scary for me (it will lead to many new questions: what apartment visit did I remember seeing 1 tattoo on both arms? was it before that daisy whig photo? did I actually date 2 or 3 angies?) since I am set free my reality is different now.


I don't understand how I am the one needing professional help. Proferssional help from who? Define professional. Don't forget, Angie is the one who is at fault here (or at least I am pointing out another conspiracy--hey, maybe if it hits home hard [e.g. people you know] , maybe you will understand better that people *will* conspire to lie to others for one reason or another). Not I. She is the one who lied or lies. Just like you will let the Government lead you into a FEMA shelter if you do not open your eyes in time. And yes, showing As Above So Below usually means you are involved in a satanic cult that do very, very illegal things and it may be like contract tracing: anyone who learns will be harassed (possibly me, at 7-11, and WIld Bills tobbacco). This document is what is completely fucked: https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1rKNa_74pa7Kpic2pFEf1Y2vPSNFXeLULuV8nnFm8G4Y/edit?usp=sharing , the crisis actors and being picked up by the police without my rights being read and no criminal charges for no reason. Although this was last year, I might as well share anyways. In case I end up disappeared lol. Just kidding, I think this economy will collapse and riots or FEMA will be everywhere before these people can do anything. Especially if I talk about them all publically like this and openly share the document(s).


Hmm sort of. I was actually thinking of tin foil hats the other day. How it could possibly seriously help my situation in that it would block the 2.4g / 5g wifi and maybe over a period of a few months I'd see a difference. I think it would make a big difference in protecting against the new 5G cell signal (see StopTheCrime.net https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_NZo86TGDxg for a group that works to inform about many covered-up dangers. I believe I saw a story where 5 kids in an elementary school got cancer due to a new 5G tower and they won(?) the lawsuit. I know of stories of cell tower operators who say it is incredibly high powered and of those who go near them with tools to test the radiology [see leak project https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=21J5NZqjHLk for many videos on other different, covered-up stuff ]. It also might help with the 3 TVs in the house (they really interrupt me sometimes if I try thinking when near it if I stay too long) . This is really a great phenomenon if I was able to explain it easily, but things keep changing for me and I can't easily understand why the TV doesn't bother me 100% of the time, for example.

Well, you could have been. Or Ross. Maybe it was just a weird set of coincidences because Anna from the Department of Education made it sound like we were infiltrated. And at Havenwyck Hospital someone told me "all my friends are bugged". I saw a "Be Safe" on the whiteboard that would match the "Be Safe" Anthony and David mentioned. Maybe because I sent that email, those at Michigan Technological University sent help behind the lines without telling me (maybe Professr Hembroff -- he was an ex FBI and may have contacts to help). My email account got locked out soon after sending it and it was still locked out last I checked (I sent an email to their IT to help but got no reply). So if anyone did reply to my email, I'd have to send another email and they'd have to re-reply (sorry to those who may be reading this but never got a reply back from me--I can't keep up like normal as my thinking is interrupted by external things constantly and I can make noise now and smoke marijuana to help but cannot easily make the noise or possibly smoke enough to guarantee my ability to do anything it appears since September of 2018 when the noise got audible). Maybe my trip to Havenwyck was to actually protect me. I don't know. This local conspiracy stuff may be critical but the original reason for the email is to alert about the planned economic reset, riots, and other events and to help us understand we must move out of the urban and suburban areas and become self-reliant as food shortages are coming soon and big events are planned at an international level behind closed doors. We may only gain a generic understanding of this stuff from what we can find on the Internet and in my case, I can only gain a generic understanding of the local conspiracies because it doesn't make any sense to me.

See, at Havenwyck, they had to get my DOB wrong multiple times I believe. Because I kept correcting them every day. And the 13th is a special occult day, possibly. I think my weight was wrong as well (I had put these documents all on FB for safety as soon as I got home and now I see it is great in helping explain here as a screenshot). A nurse there inspected me when I first got there and looked at 3 moles I had (possibly to identify me between a body double).

The real birth certificate says July 18th

Oops, here it is zoomed in to read the date.

And here is the baby book (one on the left) used in the black magic ritual initialization(?) (Easter of 2019) with the 5 pages or so of the same baby photo. That is what freaked me out. Then ma asked me to bounce a small rubber ball 30 times in the kitchen. My head was hurting so bad I had to move and stop looking at the photos (I had sat down next to Grandma and she was going through family photos with me), so I just left without answering her. As I went out back, I saw 2 more photo books on chairs in the next room. Nobody ever said anything after that. Total, there are normally 7 people at Easter dinner but this time there was only 5. My aunt and uncle had an excuse as to why they weren't there (uncle had to work at the cemetery? or they were both sick. I don't remember). And 5 photo books. There are also 5 points on the Star on the door of the house a couple doors down (was glowing on easter to me, same with the wooden ice cream cut out behind Lorie's Lick Em Up, but that isn't normally possible, except my being set free by Jesus makes me see differently. That day it felt like I was under a special spell (very low vibrational frequency) as it seriously felt like halloween).

And to make sense of the '1981' in the photo earlier, here is the 1981 birthdate they gave me on bloodwork
(maybe the day had to be correct but not the year this time? this is the year of Pa's boat, I think--it is a 1981 Sea Ray named LongShot and it had two previous owners)

Here is where they got the wrong weight. Maybe the boat is significant in that it had once flown a black pirate flag. I have not seen the black pirate flag since I was very little.

Here are remaining photos I took and put on FB. If I shared this many might as well share the rest. They might prove helpful in understanding. On this set of photos, the bottom left one is interesting as that is the house renovated by someone I recognized as Jesus as it felt like he was reading/controlling my mind when I talked to him about Neighbor Alex's car (actually it is Jesus' car, Jesus own everything). I got a photo of the sign in case we ever had to call to get a house renovated (might as well put a plug for the company he plays with. And I say Play because this reality is literally a game called God and playing is what one does by simply living. Now, other players in the game may say "God" but be actually referring to: Game of Death, or Gold Oil Drugs (sometimes hidden in plain sight via the black pirate flag -- this is described in a song titled "Prodigy - Real Power Is People (Anti-Illuminati Song)" on YouTube.)

Remaining 2

Remaining 3

Remaining 4

Here is the house with the 5-pointed star

MTU neighbors have a light that changes between Blue, White, Red, and Purple. Tonight it is white. 5-pointed star house is next to it.

They had what looked like a white light (maybe a signal to Pa or Ma) for a while in the grass in the back yard and I was told to "think light" by my dad's buddy. The camper is Light. There are many lights around the back yard that turn on as you walk around (solar panel). I like to think light means think positive, but the light might mean something else. I'm not sure. As far as the porch lights go, today just happens to be a day where both porch lights are on, so that might mean something. Okay, back to sleep and eBay. If I think of anything else to share I will. It'd be interesting to get photos of the other colors on other days and maybe see if it lines up with political decision making or something over a long period of time, but the possibilities are endless and trying to pay attention to these lights and figure out something seems like it might not help us as it could be just two people with colored porchlights--one who changes theirs every day for some reason. Maybe it is like that RGB bulb in the Lamour garage where we can change it with a remote we get a rainbow of colors. And they just keep picking the same colors (why not green?) Now that I think about it, it seems kind of unusual, (and downright difficult to remember to do just because you like a different color four times a week) to change a *physical* porch light bulb to a different one nearly every night.

The first hard part is, it can't stop, because I have a change to my physical body (starting on September 9th, 2016 , but nobody could notice (even me most of the time) until I starting making noise in Fall of 2018. The second hard part is, I already seen professional help. The final hard part is, COVID-19 causing lockdowns isn't a joke, and the plan is to make the next lockdown even more drastic come next wave. This will bring in more severe US infrastructure issues. Talk to the farmers, look at some of their interviews. Recently, I heard they are being told by the FBI to slaughter all their cattle. We will have meat shortages.

Joseph Kodos
Some more of what I started explaining the other day, that we must prepare to flee because this economic reset is happening and US infrastructure will become unavailable for normal use. LatterRain333 posted a video yesterday that is surprisingly precisely what to do [if you are not set free. I do not believe she is set free unless she mentioned it a video or in a post and I missed it. if you are set free, praying may be different as you'll understand God is like saying "Age of Empires" if your units were to 'hear' the move, patrol, formation, etc orders given by the player[who could be you in God, if you were playing a part where you are 'playing Age of Empires'.] ] (I'm listening to it now).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfN8R_rrTPc

Joseph Kodos
Ken Peters provides a vivid imagination (inspiration for the USA Flee Map) of what is to come https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wKxpLNkJbGQ

Joseph Kodos
Would you let Google do that to you too?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxYE4FH-WNI

Joseph Kodos
That makes sense--most of this stuff I'm sharing kind of *has* to be it seems (I imagine a lot of money goes into "debunking" stuff as well as "proving" stuff) in order for all of these existing international operations to keep going.

Wow, critical addition to video: TheEconomistNewWorldOrder. Showed up on YouTube a moment ago (apparently this aired only 3 weeks ago! The Plan has not even changed due to Q --they even call it a world order! Makes sense though, Q is the one behind it and wants to wipe it out as far as I currently understand it to replace it with the New Order [that is why Rev Ken Peters say that they called it the "New Order" not the "New World Order"])
if time allows I might add more to the video (it never ends) or make a second one with only critical questions from the full_circle doc because most of that is just random stuff I wrote down following a feeling or recalling memories. but for now I'll add stuff to this post reply for fun and easy merging into any potential second or improved video.
Wow, also noticed. They basically say war on China: we run on a debt-based system where the debt is owed to an international conglomerate of bankers and organizations run by the Vatican (don't forget, the Devil infiltrated and deceived those in the Church first, so they have the highest level of witchcraft practices [see those who go to churches to openly counter/slander those who are there for a positive benefit, and also see mass church ceremonies that may be running deliberately to trick people into giving money or participating in harmful activities such as deliberately avoiding discussing certain topics {see the book John Tyler Gatto and Weapons of Mass Instruction to understand how Education Systems may also be corrupt} ] ) and may be called in at any time. Because of this, the economic reset is worldwide and will be flipped like a lightswitch. Trump made Setember (or August?) last year Preparedness Month so he may be trying to help everyone understand that with the 2-week social media net pause, riots may cause serious issues and this time, Serious martial law will be enacted and everyone better have the 3 or 4(?) weeks of food recommended by Trump if they do not plan on relocating and creating a Self-Sustaining Area to live beforehand. Now, he said he will shut it down because of the elections and fake stuff happening. So because of that, we can imagine maybe the Net Pause being the first couple weeks of November. That is what I am currently feeling. I heard Trump had to make some big decisions in 90 days from April (so in July) , and Rhonda Empson from YouTube had a dream about the Month of July Twice (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xy6I54wKLs ) . It was also published on May 1, exactly 2 months from July 1, so there is technically ample time from the occurrence of the dream to the possible suggestion of the dream's event, that would make sense for those who are on the Watch can prepare for whatever might happen. Scroll down the comments for my thoughts on it (PerfectfireIII).

Joseph Kodos
Comment pasted here for ease of access. Will resume sharing new stuff below this as I mentioned above.
1 of 2
"
PerfectfireIII
1 month ago (edited)
On the dream with the man in his office with the calendar in the glass window:
"We are going to be going the month of july twice"
This confirms my current outlook that we are to be leaving for the wilderness before July of this year, as back in the beginning of
April I heard from multiple sources there is a big decision for Trump in about 90 days, which would mean the decision would be made at the
beginning of July. Now, the interesting thing is that back in July of 2016, I told my manager I would quit my job in 90 days or
in the Spring. I ended up quitting within 90 days
(my story [although unfinished] here https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lqje67UMrwbWBYmkCyQdCjGh78m3nxO0i_PtNuaAs9k/edit?usp=sharing )
and happened to get set free (physically) by Jesus on September 9th, which was about 90 days from when I told my manager.
It could be that the 'lightswitch' (Dr. Fauchi actually talked about a lightswitch recently, but it was of a different context--could be
a hint for us (*or to deep state insiders) as well) is set to occur 90 days from 1 April 2020: around July 1. My perception has been that
FEMA/UN Peacekeeper Troopers are preparing to flip a 'lightswitch' on the American People, causing a food-crisis, blackout
scenario requiring full martial law implementation. A 72-hour red flag might be a 'banking holiday' where banks are closed for a weekend:
this means it is now time to leave for the one-way mass exodus 'camping trip' with Jesus to exit Mystery Babalyon or else become dependent
on FEMA for food and shelter. Chuck Youngbrandt (http://netofprayer.org/blog/invasion-map ), my maps in the documents below,
and those posting in LatterRain333's forums ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyPilJVJ2t_tS23YVyGM8uQ ) may help in finding
temporary safe locations.
Now, returning to the dream, "celebrate or observe July twice this year":
to me, July twice means extra confirmation that this pattern will be present (from a holographic multiverse perspective, the cyclic pattern
of a similar thing happening [a big decision by me to quit my job to prepare for this exactly 3.5 years before COVID-19 became
prevalant {3.5 years after Sep. 9, 2016 is Feb 10, 2020 (if we use 360 days/year), which appears to be the time during tribulation before
things 'get bad' in Mystery Babalyon } vs. big decision by UN/FEMA may be present]). I was worried that waiting until the Spring to quit my job
wouldn't line up with the severity of the events I was discovering in the world, and now 3.5 years later, the UN/FEMA/those in power of
military/gov't may feel the same way (sooner than later). I have heard it that things will change based on prayer, and it was the other year
I heard time will be cut short from someone on YouTube. This may be the 'cutting short of time': events occurring sooner, in July of 2020,
instead of December of 2020 (just like how I ended up leaving my job in 90 days instead of the upcoming Spring). Don't forget,
Agenda 2021 is rolling out. Those who want one world governance will likely be making swift changes between now and the end of 2021.
California/West Coast may go out and massive flooding may occur at any time. After that, the Angel Sword from Revelations may hit the middle of
America. Finally, it is my understanding that a meteor will strike north of Africa, in the sea, and will cause a mega tidal wave that will
decimate the East US Coast. The hour that Mystery Babaylon falls might be a literal 360-day Year, although it has been my thought that
the middle of America will suffer a massive earthquake by the angel sword in 2023 and the meteor in the sea will be in 2025. Now that I think
more about it, maybe the 'falling' that Mystery Babaylon does is of a political nature, in such that the year it falls is the year of the
stock market going from all-time highs (e.g. DJI at 29,000 points in Feburary) to record lows (DJI at 18k in March), with West Coast going down,
and possibly DJI hitting 5000 (the drop to 18,000 points was predicted by Aaron Russo, who explained the Rothchild's plan) points
(second COVID-19 wave come November 2020). The 5000 point drop was the second drop Aaron Russo described, before being made to collapse.
Near the end of 2020, due to unemployment, food shortages and COVID-19 waves, the US will likely be in a permanent state of semi-martial law,
making it technically no longer a 'democracy', thus 2020 is the 'hour' that Mystery Babaylon falls. This brings light to Chuck Youngbrandt's
prophecy in that the US must be weakened before its final collapse and foreign invasions (invasions to occur after the Earthquake that hits the
middle of America).
If I recall, I made a comment on one of your videos a while ago with a link to a set of data (a bunch of google sheet documents I made)
that I created back in the Spring of 2018 (I shared with several at Michigan Technological University,
Interactive Intelligence (now Genesys), some on YouTube (like you!), and locally).
I created a Table of Contents that include links to all the other documents here:
https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1PouhhpraaYzs4k_R9UMSPFK9EO9UJoh-ozwbKSKgWYw/edit?usp=sharing
I haven't shared much or pieced much of this puzzle together until just now. I'm compelled to think differently and my body has transformed
to where I must now push out my esophagus to feel comfortable. This (now definately a medical 'condition') appears to be the symtoms of the
'transformed body' Bryon Stearle( https://byronsearle.blogspot.com/ ) describes and Mike444
( https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDBwB_Md-B9uM7yrCPX_72w ) examines. There is not much I can do at the moment outside of slowly explain
what I am experiencing and learning to those who seek the truth and believe they will receive it. I have already been admitted to two physical
hospitals and a mental health hospital and all tests came out OK. Those around me locally do not understand all that is happening
even if I have had many intense conversations with them, so I am limited in both being able to relay what I am learning and as I must now
(although it sounds odd) be vocally loud, for sometimes long periods, before I can think straight again to do something. If I close my
eyes, I will see funny faces--and they can turn ugly and make me feel ugly if I do not expel them properly. Some demons require very
loud noises and much physical strain to remove and until I get to a rural/wilderness area, or to a sound-proof room, I will continue to be
limited.

Joseph Kodos
Part 2 of 2
It looks like I've typed a lot more than I originally was expecting, so I will go ahead and share this now and will look back soon after getting
some rest to edit or add any more info that may be useful (or I'll comment on a future video). As the bible says they 'barely get out alive', I believe
that to be us who are aware of what is going on and being warned. It makes great sense: almost nobody in Mystery Babaylon agrees and it seems
true, so far, that it is not easy to talk to anyone. Or else those who believe the 'barely get out alive' part of the bible wouldn't 'barely'
be getting out alive. They'd be well prepared and maybe already left. So as of right now, based on all I know, there is likely nobody except
Jesus who is maybe well-prepared for the Wilderness and 2 and a half years of survival (time, time, and a half time). If we actually only have
60 days or so left before FEMA comes and gets us at 4AM, Jesus will likely keep me moving and this might be the most I type in one sitting for
a while.
By the way, my 'oil lamp' currently consists of 1-year of MRE food supply, heirloom seeds (food), marijuana seeds,
1-week of rice/pasta/canned food, books, a couple life straws, bedding, and a tent. My goal is 2.5 years of food, however, growing, fishing, and
foraging may be suitable replacements. Being set free I believe requires you to cleanse your temple (your physical body), as that is what I did
(although without knowing it). I imagine many will get set free by time they reach the Yukon territory as the water will be free from government
flouridation and also, the Alaskan triangle is said to cause many great thoughts (epiphanies , or 'aha! moments').
So if you are looking to get set free, you will have to also go without eating meat or dairy for some time. I've been looking at stocking up
on some Powered superfoods such as marine phytoplankton, spirulina, chlorella, raw maca, and raw cacao. These and seeds might be great additions,
although I am not sure of the self life of many seeds (e.g. chia), I am still eating Spirulina from 2016 and have not felt ill.

Joseph Kodos
When rereading this comment again and reaching the "time will be cut short based on prayer" part, I realize I did not mention the Heartmath Institute in anything yet. It may be a crucial component in understanding how prayer could possibly be measured. I appreciate Gregg Braden's and Bruce Lipton's theory that the magnetism of the Earth is the 'glue' that holds everything together and the frequency is what allows things to manifest if I remember correctly. It was back in 2015 that I learned that. I know the magnetism part is right but I'm not sure about what they *exactly* said concerning frequency.
See Heartmath's live charts and graphs to gain an understanding of how the Earth's fields are currently affecting us (and our collective consciousness):
https://www.heartmath.org/gci/gcms/live-data/
I remember people saying that when large-scale events happen, a surge will occur. Showing us that our minds and feelings affect the earth's magentism. See the Double Slit Quantum Physics experiment where photons are used to demonstrate that reality changes based on an Observer.