jun 13
1+3=4 = m,sg
13=evil too
Aunt Margie need that instagram photo?
ahh
we can move to that Meeting idea I been wanting to have since December of 2018

need to write up a bunch of stuff then
might take a while

1st priority --> any people blocking people (think stand up meeting)


are you guys watchiing on the qnix monitor like last occasion this psyopping happened or are you watching me type and watching what the qnix monitor is displaying

need to recollect thoughts and/or make noise brb

got yelled at agaom 
po
p
p
dont know what to do said i should smoke 2 a day
camnt wait to bash skills in (lisa rusnack you next why you sandbaggoing and not fleeing jk you dont yell at me for stupid shit)

amger amgoe

pa took off right after yelling
said right after yelling and before taking off we got brick to do

what if now nobody can trust any of you - voice in my head

because you didn't think about the strategy - voice in my head

onay

okay resuming smoke break will make noises if yelled at again

nvm i can believe it because it happened. ha what am i thinking/. of course it just happened


David Ray Kodos -0-.
^ absolutely doe not like smoke marijuana or cigarettes
^ also i am hurting the family by sending emails
^took off in red escape seemingly abrupotly did not say where he was going did not hear him talk on a phone either
^don't speak up at Thanksgiving or he'll start counting

3:12 PM 6/13/2020
okay hopefully I can finish a cig before he come back
last note: angie keeps saying anger her oging to brainstorm wayts t=truth once I am on the bench in front



shit man  this is rough ckeep c=see keep havuing to come back

uncle tim.





why no help at dinner talbe? is uncle tim being supressed? will he be killed by a hitman if he speak uyp? or is he in on something? is this why I never made it to Aunt Nancy and Uncle Tim's house with Ray next door (Aunt nad Uncle place is down street walking distance matybe 1 mile tops ? sligktly past harrison aprt on JKefferson )

as soon as I come back inside 26075 house after Ray agreed to go for a walk (iut was a ice day) getting stuff ready and Ray needed a minute $153 -->

oh yeah dad also yelled at me before he left a bit ago 3:18 PM 6/13/2020 ALMOST 3:30!
 is this spe ial time too? anyway got yelled at fo wearing hioodie because it isn't that cold outside 

but it was cold earelier... been too busy to do anything. wtf. 

$153 --> and then players dressed like police came in and started putting hand cuffs on me and I didn't say anything really other than "I don't know" because they asked, "Do you know why this is happening?" I had big white coat (snowmobile jacket with red flannel on the inside of the hood) on and First thing they asked if I had a knife. No knigfe. This was right next to grandfather clock in some of the house oh

McClaren had highlighted some objects in purple and yellow/green? on a list and there was a lightning bolt symbol above me in a small room where I lay until I guess Medstar got me. Lady told me I wouild be going home. That did not happen! Wtf! Why lie? While I was there it sounded like someone was fake-yelling or fake-crying or fake-screaming. ALso, the woman across (I been to this hospital many years ago several times growing up [sick like regular people] so the area was comfortable) from me tried talking to me so I start replying and then she was actually hushed by McClaren Hospital in Mt. Clemens staff and I say out loud, "You are going to PRISON if you will not allow this woman to talk to me." as it doesn't make sense for anyone to *not* be allowed to <i>talk</i> to me?

also on that last cig break dad ty questioned my movements had to kinda agree I have a neck problem but what the key, doesnt matter anywayt reight?

charlie barking will see what is going on I heard phone call I believe idk what it is.
t=truth
going to roll quick cig/smoke and will brb ~5 min maybe.








