anna what looksl ike anaa

in front with jim hjarris

across street while i smokeing virgin slim

anna green shirt
 bright green floursercent
garfejning

might be psyopping


loighjtsr i bought may have my fingerprint
shoiuld prove f=first with court documentation(s) if you are all in a court room atm
that you can see with physical eyes

"oh no we aren't"
then nvm,

loighjtsr i bought may have my fingerprint

why shjould you not trust a judge
\rotating door coprorations and politics judge may be corrupt

why did hunter brisson talk and look different when I saw him in a building east of Houghton?

is hunter a stunt double
was hutnter killed immediately aftergettinghitbypoliceonI-75Southbound?


rizzo and corey

cops laugh at GT Stonert 99000GT

had wong

anger agie

i need to make nouise don t know what is going on lol
maximize window notepad.exe by accident (no such obhject)


aangier keeps asking when i leaving


when ecvonomy collapsing hardcore liek we cantr even get m food at store 72-hour martial law RED FLAG is BANKING HOLIDAY banks say they come back on Monday but they don'tr and FEMA comes out of the tunnels r=red red=CODE BLACK see POTENTIAL_TRIGGER_EVENT



why alex sjoblom and anthony hunington not help me with code review on ebay_api repo? () 


bopajockjamming

change i had is missing. going to store to buy drinks with mom money. just remembered, i gave her the change back yesterdsay

not sure if i need tot ype anymore fir anyone get help

is any
a, m,

might end up back in havenwyck mom told me not to say bad stuff aobut people


cross at boat town liquor store with cross on jefferson no longer has cross
criss was o right side f door going out
did see other crosses on elft side of store (walking out) i never seen before

anger angie

treied taking video of grinder in grtey tent found DANGERR written in ot
took vikdeo of rope and brocks
justneed tour docutor not


closed out of camera app by accident
video I guess just... disappeared?
hopefully NSA got it
potjherwise
going to jkust smoke pot and not worry maybe will take video again and try again soon

also: charlie is outside (or, was) going backoutsdide now. 
Charlie's new hair cut looks good. Althoiught maybe im not used to him looking like this until hair grows back so he looks a little wierd
0
im dutre once i make enough noise fear of change will go away


really loud from Lorie's Lick Em Ups (Jefferson) must be something going on 1:40 PM 6/13/2020


a1

random feeling to take picture of grinder received from Dibo
was behind QNIX monitor
accidentally broke it not too long ago, put too much in it . as i did that and started grinding, dad came around corner saying I need to stop smoking again so i lost my focus and couldn't apply pressure correctly to give a maximum chance of not breaking it (maybe being slow and patient like usual I could pry it apart but there is not easy to move)

also pa spank when you break something pa=dad when I was little
did Joshizzle receive spankings? Do Rhonda and Anthony and whoever else think he need spanking to stop dropping bong ?

does angie need smpanikng too? (anger me says angie)



how about I stop doing this and hopefully you will be angry
or come over to 26075 Clear St with doctor note (*anexicty deprerssion works){rhonda is surprised}[GASP]


how about you start smoking some weed and get over it angie
no more SSRI drugs for you!
