

Of course, war = profit! War is needed to continue the current system. If you're advocating for war, you're advocating to continue our current way of life. Hillary, and all other politicians, want to keep this way of life -- or else their purpose as a politician would be void. Their whole career would then be obsolete. Same with bankers, stockbrokers, the insurance industry, and that would eventually mean most of the healthcare industry as well.





Of course, war = profit! War is needed to continue the current system.

If you're advocating for war, you're advocating to continue our current way of life. Corporations run the show, and thus everything influenced by them will propagate the same for-profit, no mercy mentality.

Simply put: They don't GIVE A FUCK (so, a total of ZERO fucks given) if a bunch of people are killed across the world for oil, a whole rainforest is destroyed, or if they destroy our own (see 9/11), as long as the GDP rises.

Hillary, and all other politicians, inherently have a need to maintain this way of life -- or else their purpose as a politician would be void.

Their whole career would then be obsolete. Same with bankers, stockbrokers, the insurance industry, and that would eventually mean most of the healthcare industry as well. Because the system would be designed to prevent health issues, instead of curing them.

Why would we prevent health issues, when there is so much more money involved when we attempt to fix/cure them (with pills, super expensive operations, etc...) ? Don't forget -- money = the goal. Health != the goal.

This should no longer surprise anybody who has done an ounce of research outside watching the TV (what you see is also owned by corporations).






Also, this does not mean that all people working within these systems are inherently evil or what not. Hillary is just a person like Bernie Sanders. The difference is, is that Bernie recognizes these issues, and has decided that becoming involved politically might be a way of working within the current system to change it.


Also, this does not mean that all people working within these systems are inherently evil or what not. Hillary is just a person like Bernie Sanders, just like the rest of us. We all inherently want good. It's just that we've become blind to what good *could* be.

The difference between Hillary and Bernie, as I see it, is that Bernie actually recognizes these issues, and has decided that becoming involved politically might be a way of working within the current system to change it. 

Hillary is not self-motivated to fix things, but instead, would like to continue playing the game without changing the rules--because changing the rules would no longer ensure her position in society. Bernie doesn't give a fuck -- he just wants *everyone* in the world to win. Since we're all on the same team/planet.