https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10153721904422861&set=gm.800405430094816&type=3
?Christopher Livengood? to Bernie Friends & Support

I want you to pay attention to this:

Nevada held their final caucus to distribute the delegates, where, despite the initial results, Sanders was in the lead.

The party chair started the count early, before the Sanders delegates were allowed in, or even distributed paperwork to properly register - this was at 9:30 am. The counts were posted to begin at 10:00 am.

Sanders supporters were partially barred entry and held outside the conference area by Hillary delegates during this initial vote, adding to the misrepresented tally.

Once the initial count was finished and tallied in Clinton's favor by the Clinton supporting head of the Nevada Democratic Party, she immediately amended the rules so that they favored Clinton in the count, and effectively sealed the crowd from demanding a recount.

Now, without getting into the arcane rules of caucus, which I can post if you're interested, the fact is that none of this is legal, normal or allowed.
Sanders supporters, like Clinton supporters, have many tools to ensure a transparent and fair vote, and many recounts are common in a caucus. The room was clearly 2/3rds Sanders delegates, which would have meant a crushing loss for Clinton, and a further reduction in her delegate lead, which was brought down to 194 today.

Instead of heeding hundreds of motions to stop the count, to reassess, to call out for a no-confidence vote, which was immediately seconded time and time again - a maneuver that is supposed to stop the process dead in it's tracks...

They over-ruled. They cheated in the plainest since of the word. Among Clinton supporters on the scene was soon-to-be-retired Barbara Boxer, who told the crowd they could "Boo their way out of this election", among other things.

The Sander's delegate stood their ground for TEN hours and chanted, demanding a recount, and finally, when Congressional District three got ahold of the microphone and officially called for a recount, the Nevada Democratic Party told the Sanders supporters if they did not leave, they would be arrested.

That's it. They stole the Nevada Primary.

The image below shows a wall of force, used against Democrats by Democrats to keep the voice of these American Voters from being heard.
Does that make your blood boil? It damn well should.

Want to do something about it? Share every news clip you can and make it a focus for media.

You know what else you can do? Volunteer. Get off your ass and phonebank, donate - fight back. This is our Democracy if we have the brass to take it.

We're winning - despite everything. They're cheating to protect their narrow lead before we take that big stick of Democracy and smash their plans and alliances to smithereens in an effort to make this country fair and humane again.

Get Involved, Stay involved.