FROM http://i-uv.com/utilizing-your-treasury-direct-accounts/


@Thom
I only paid debts that included an eCheck payment option. I located my routing numbers for Chicago (there are three for that location) and verified them here: http://www.usbanklocations.com/check-routing-number.php
No PayPal, No adding a bank account anywhere, no purchases or cash transfers.

ACH PAYMENTS using eCheck
Monday, July 10, 2017
1. City Water
2. USAA Auto/Property Ins 6 months Premium
3. Cable
4. Trash Pick-up
5. Electricity
6. Calif Franchise Tax Board debt in arrears for 2012 & 2013

Tuesday, July 11, 2017
7. T-Mobile

I had already corrected my status to “Principle Secured Party”; out of Debtor (ALL CAPS NAME) aka “Ens legis” several months ago.

[Disclaimer: I share my personal journal of steps on this path... This is not Legal Advice, not to be inferred or suggested as anything, but my experiences shared.]

I corrected my status by doing the following (my personal research, not anyone else’s):
1. Obtained Counter-Deed (Legal Title to my living woman) by Authenticating my Certificate of Live Birth (CoLB)
2. Filed UCC-1
3. Copyrighted my original “Art Work” (signature)
4. Revoked and rescinded my Voter’s Registration
5. Filed IRS Form 56 in-person at the local IRS office (with duplicate original stamped as received/accepted by IRS Agent including their Agent Number and the date). This form is for the “Ens legis” to appoint the living woman as HER fiduciary.
6. Filed IRS Form 56-F in-person at the local IRS office appointing Commissioner of Fiscal Service, Commissioner of IRS, Treasury Secretary (DC) & Director of Treasury (PR) Fiduciaries for “Ens legis”
7. Filed IRS Form 2848 in-person “Power of Attorney and Declaration of Representative” wherein “Ens legis” appointed Living woman, Commissioner of Fiscal Service, Commissioner of IRS, Treasury Secretary (DC) & Director of Treasury as HER Attorney-In-Fact and Representative.
8. Delivered a one page document in-person to IRS with instructions for my fiduciaries.
9. Opened a Treasury Direct Account
10. Obtained a 98 series Foreign Trust EIN with IRS form SS-4



The account I opened (prior to the OPPT process) is an account for a Prinicple Secured Party, not the DEBTOR/ALL CAPS.








-----------------------


Common Reason: R34 Limited Participation DFI

