Jack Kodos
49 mins · 
Now, six years later, liveing in the middle michigan I’m older, cynical and live with Victoria in a three-room shoe box where everything I need is located within our cabin’s outer walls. While it’s generally colder here than in the Siberian cities I’ve Googled, between bragging about deer eating out of my hand and complaining about having to wear a jacket indoors, or go nude when the wood stove cooks you out I confess to friends back in Depth-wise, my own fortress of solitude isn’t textbook isolated: there are dozens of other properties within a ten minute’s walk, and this winter at least a few of them are inhabited. Some days I’ll see a car or two drive by on the road, and I hear snowmobiles often. I once saw two tiny, fluffy pomeranians hanging around on somebody’s driveway. Roads are plowed after blizzards and, weather depending, we can drive an 1/2hour to the nearest town for supplies. If the wood mans dream is eating wild mushrooms and making maple over a wood stove that I’m not really roughing it. We have electricity, Wi-Fi and wood heat. There’s like, an oven and a microwave. There’s also running water and a functional shower, which, though vic hates with all rust, is still better than nothing. The tap water here is full of sand, but my paranoia about ingested grains eventually forming into rocks in my stomach — founded on a reality TV show I saw about a woman who ate rocks — is mild at worst. A cabin in the woods is a dream. people I know have described their forest fantasies at length. I’ll go out on a limb and say all weirdo-beardos throw a little corn on the snow a watch the birds eat all day Friendly deer, random animal sightings, not having to talk to strangers — this is the life the proper function of man is to live, not to exist. I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them. I shall use my time. Im sitting by the wood burner discussing ‘Big Brother’. Next to me an open fire radiates its welcoming orange cast, tinging all but the brilliant whites of the scene outside, trees freshly dusted with an icy coat of January powder. Today, unusually, the topic of my conversation has nothing to do with any prophetic Orwellian nightmares of oppression but rather the popular reality TV program or how the rest of the family can live in the rat race of life and wonder where my cat goes at night got to throw a log in the fire “Living simply like this takes a lot of determination in such a complicated, materialistic consumer culture” s. “However, I’m not a purist. My goal is not self-sufficiency. In my perfect future, there will be a lot more exchanging of goods between people but it’s nice to have a high level of food production… If the shops suddenly had nothing in them I would probably survive quite comfortably”with luck? victoria helps me keep chickens grows an array of flowers on plot just outside her yard. Trips to the nearby city are relatively infrequent… “To collect supplies The journey usually involves a long drive , something that has in the past raised quite a few eyebrows in the local community formerly unfamiliar with alternative folk like herself.
She is keen to stress to me that she is definitely not obsessed with only living and eating on her land. “I enjoy a cream tea by the beach like anyone else” she concedes. “But I only ever tend to travel further than the local village area. It’s normally a sociability thing. I certainly don’t do it because I miss the outside world”.