Hey Vanessa, I just saw your post about anxiety -- I'm not exactly sure what I had, but it was pretty extreme.
I just spend the last year under a deathly spell that I just realized last night (literally) when it all was lifted instantly after I got done explaining my feelings to my ex that I had bottled up inside. 
I now look back and can see how damaging it was to my life. I learned so much from it, so although it felt like torture, it was a very valuable experience.

So the root cause might not be obvious -- but it might be that you have to let go of something, or express feelings to someone, or maybe you have been overthinking and created yourself a perception of terror that is completely false, yet your mind keeps saying it is true (my situation).
A trick to help get to the bottom of feelings is this:
focus on your heart and say something that you're feeling. Then ask "why?". Answer, and then as "why?" to your answer.

I'll be happy to share my story if you want to hear it (didn't want to bombard you with a huge wall of text--but I guess I did already ?? ). I'm not sure how close your situation is to mine in nature, but it might help.
AUG 2ND, 9:26PM

Thank you for this.  It helps a lot knowing that there are others out there who feel this.  I know a lot of mine stems from work related stress being a first responder to things that are very traumatic, and also feelings of failure related to that...or just knowing that all these terrible things happen to good people.  I don't know.  I find it hard to get my focus on breathing or staying calm when I start into these episodes even though I know how to calm someone else down in a similar situation.

It's weird...like I know all the steps involved in calming a patient down, but I can't follow them myself.  My chest almost always feels pained and tight.  I can't seem to let go.  And even when I am happy with friends, panic still manages to set in and I have to remove myself from the situation and give some lame excuse as to why I need to go lie down...which makes things worse. Exponentially.
You're welcome ??
In the past year, things took me on a crazy journey... I did a lot of research in consciousness and spirituality. 
I learned a couple of things that really changed my perspective on the world, and I learned a lot of strategies to help calm myself down when I'm feeling like I am unable to do anything at all.
But the thing was, in my situation, over the year, most of the time I was just getting by -- more and more my mind became hazy. I guess I was living in a fog.
Fortunately I was only in an intense panic for a couple of days a handful of times. I'm currently recovering from the final one (I lost my appetite and literally did nothing at work yesterday).
After my ex explained things to me, and I explained my feelings, everything instantly lifted and the fog is now gone. Things like checking email feel once again like stupid easy tasks.
Yesterday, I couldn't even watch a movie or show -- thinking was taking up 100% of my mind's activity.
So I am still heavily processing this entire event and when I saw your post I just had to reach out because I would want the same thing ?? 
Oh! There is a lesson I learned: don't be stubborn, ask your family and friends for help. I should've reached out to friends instead of just assuming things.
I have a sticky note on my desk at work that reads "DO NOT ASSUME" too...
So, find someone who you know you can talk to about anything and get their perspective. Then, be sure to seriously consider their perspective.
But the biggest lesson I learned was: follow your instinct.
Which, is basically your heart. The heart should be controlling your mind -- *not* the mind overriding the heart (like most of us allow on a regular basis).
And I also learned that everything happens for a reason. Literally. I suppose the other biggest lesson I learned was that -- it is not a coincidence that people come into or out of your life. Romance, friends, people you only knew for 2 weeks during a training course, etc.
Another lesson I learned is that when you're coming from the heart, you need to be completely honest with yourself. I had to stop and think, "all humans make mistakes, and some make larger ones than others, but love is all that really matters, so you must ask for forgiveness and just as importantly forgive yourself
Here, have an article that has had a big impact on me -- http://www.social-consciousness.com/2012/02/law-of-attraction-fundamentals.html
 This triggered me to start learning about how there really is a lot more to the world than most of us are aware of.

Seriously, thank you for all of this.  You are an amazing dude.
I appreciate so much that you took the time to reach out to me.
And thank you for giving me an opportunity to share my recent experience and what I learned. I just realized that now that I wrote some lessons down, I will remember them much better!

Oh and the time is no bother! I have learned that people are what truly matter, thus any time spent helping others is the most wise way of spending time.
Although don't forget that you must also focus on your own self, too... a couple people actually told me that recently. 
I found it best that when multiple people tell you the same thing in isolated occurances in the same week or month, you should take their advice.

So I am also working on making sure I include myself in the "helping". Soon, I'm going to do that by changing some things in my life that I feel are overdue for a change.

Feel free to reach out if you need someone to bounce ideas off of. I'm always happy to help, and always open to learning new things ??
Well, it's about bed time for me. Need to get to bed early and heal up. Enjoy your night!