Jennifer Rebekah Schram
August 21 at 10:09pm · 
YouTube
 · 
I am taking a class this semester called Multicultural Education in a Pluralistic Society. I was watching the videos attached to the chapter I'm reading this week and while watching the short videos I was given I came across this playlist. The next time you're about to spend an hour watching something on Netflix, stop and take the hour to watch this instead. It is an incredibly important picture of what it is and means to be a white person in our country right now. I hadn't realized how difficult it can be acknowledge that. I think that the information here is paradigm shifting and I hope you'll step outside of your comfort zone to experience it. Especially with all of the ugliness that keeps surfacing, we cannot ignore the part we play in what is happening in our society. We need to become aware of ourselves. It is imperative.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8KYJl0PECv8&feature=share&list=PL9jzhJhqkkJJPRQkekAU_9RG7urpAdLWF


Very great video! (or videos... but it felt like one). My thoughts:

We, as a collective, need to let go of the past. Just let it be, acknowledge the history, but do not hold any judgement or charge in emotion.

Also, need to let go of race. Just let it be. Acknowledge people are different colors, cultures, ethniticies... but do not hold any judgement or charge in emotion.... instead, release it!
And then once you do, look back and appreciate the differences others bring to the table. 
Trust me, this place would be boring if everyone was the same culture or race or what not. Think of it like food: you don't always want to eat meat, potato, and veggie. 

Sometimes you want Mexican! Or Chinese! 

And don't let political correctness make the world into one big melting pot... that's what those who pull the big strings at the very top want!
What it will lead to is one government, one currency, one religion, and eventually one race (see: eugenics).
Things are accelerating in this direction, so great teamwork is needed during this time in history to stop the root cause of the damage and heal.

The past cannot be changed, so all we are able to do is learn from it. There is no reason to continuously hurt from it.

This video caused me to realize how I've healed over time. It's definitely not easy and takes focused effort, and like they said... it is a continuous endeavor.

Also, I'm very glad to hear the explaining of the 'logical thinking process'(part 4, @ 5m15s)... once you learn that the entire system is flawed, then the missing puzzle piece in the logic is found!

There was a commentator on the last video I believe that was very rude/ignorant but a good point could be interpreted (at least from my point of view): It might not just be white privilege in the USA.
There are likely systemic cases in other countries as well -- "Chinese privilege" -- "India privilege". I don't know, but I found that thought to be interesting.