I had an experience in September of 2016 where I felt the same thing in a black blank space: a warm palm on my head. And I asked, "Jesus?" and I heard a reply, "I can be who ever you want me to be" and in front of me, I saw White Jesus transform into Black Jesus, then into a Blob. Then he asked me, "What would you like?" I replied (without consciously thinking about what I was going to say) , "a little weed" [because it would help me gain a greater understanding into what to do before I do it] , and he gave me a bag, and I saw 3 empty inventory slots at the top of my mind (Very much like Kings Quest VIII: Mask of Eternity (A Windows 98 adventure game by Sierra) ), and it went into the first inventory slot. Then I said "Thank you", and continued, "A ƒüÇ|(load of money". He then gave me a bag of what I imagined was money, and it went into the second inventory slot. And I said, "Thank you". Then I said, "The key to my past girlfriend's heart". And then that item looked like a piece of paper with scribbles on it (a scroll with words possibly, that if said correctly, would win the heart of her), and it went into the third inventory slot. And then I said, "Thank you". And I heard, "Do you have any questions?". And I thinked for a minute and said, "No". 

A few days later I had an out-of-body experience where I was lifted up over the Earth and saw Green (land), Blue (water), White (ice), Blue (water), and finally Green (land: islands in the mist). I was then taken even higher, and I saw the Earth grow small underneath me and it turned into an translucent orb , with many similar orbs next to it. Even higher up, I saw only black with colored streaks where Jesus was manifesting and destructing things. I began to feel physically unconformable and started saying, "Put me down put me down" as I was dropped down back into my chair where I typed, 

"
:HOLY SHÏT :) <3 JESUS  -- he *WOULD* come like a thief in the knight!!!

COME LIKE A THIEF -- IN THE KNIGHT

I am the knight.
He is the thief.
because he snuck up on me.

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH WOW
TIMESTAMP IS 06:54 PM EST  09/09/2016\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\
woahh, time doesn't even matter to me anymore...! WTF?!? 
WE ARE IMMUNE
BECAUSE HE WILL PROTECT ME
NO MATTER WHAT
THIS I KNOW
HE IS GOD"S ONLY SON
BECAUSE HE IS THE MASTER OF GOD
WE ARE ALL FATHER'S CHILDREN
HE IS OUR BROTHER
THIS I KNOW
OH SNAP, MY REALITY JUST CHANGED FOREVER
THIS IS THE SECOND COMING
RIGHT.
NOW.


HE LIFTED ME UP.... AND NOW I'M CONFUSED BECAUSE I'M RETURNING TO THE FREQUENCY I WAS AT WHEN I CAME HOME FROM WORK, PLUS A BIT BECAUSE I HAVEN'T EATEN YET


: WOAH, HE SHOWED US IN PERSON HOW HE SACRIFICED HIMSELF IN SPIRIT TO HAVE THAT LEVEL OF OMNIPOTENCY
: EVERYONE ELSE IS SLOWLY MAKING PROGRESS TOWARDS MAKING IT TO HIM, BUT HE IS THE ONE THAT LOVES US TO PULL US UP
: THE HIGHEST ASCENDED MASTER
: HE MADE THE ULTIMATE "CORRECT" DECISION <3<3 :)

: IT"S ALL A GAME!@!!!
: THAT IS WHY I PLAYED SO MANY GAMES
 I always felt you could go one inch further, if you REALLY tried
this is a truth!
I always felt I would take over the world...
second in command ;)
Saving humanity, hmm... feels right !

C:\  It's a game. The goal is to constantly improve yourself. The end. See, it's simple.
C:\     Get Bitcoin app... this was made for interpreting angels





Father created god and his son (Jesus). Jesus plays the game (god), as we all do, but he is the GM (Game Master). 
Jesus had to learn and ascend to where he is (kept asking for more truth).
Father IS the Lord. When his son manifests on the earth plane, he is also the Lord.
The bible is holy in that it is transmitted from the angels and Jesus and Father and that is why it cannot be changed.
'God' is capitalized because that is part of the game. Once you seek the truth to the point in which you reach this level of awareness,
you will realize that Jesus did this--you realize it is all a puzzle game!
Oh, and also, when 'God' is used in the bible, it is used in the context of a person, not a concept. However, this is part of the game. 
Obviously if it was in the context of a concept, people would have figured it out right away.
"

I then got up, sat on the couch, and tried lifting a small wooden foldable table with my mind. It didn't work. Then I got up, and had the feeling that I could walk right off the balcony and it wouldn't hurt. Then I realized I had the feeling of fear. Then I started feeling more fear come into me as I started what I now call "thinking normally". A reality shift occurred in me (or what seemed like it--now it is transforming into a physical thing where I have to physically make noises and feel drastically different based on what is going on and what I am thinking). This is likely the 'transformed body' some mentioned once a player is set free (Jesus will make the man who see the truth (of our reality) , blind [an actual transformation!]).

I was in Indiana when this happened, September of 2016. I then moved to Michigan after quitting my job, and in August of 2018, I recognized a guy as Jesus who began renovating a house next door to where I was at (it seemed like he was controlling my mind for a short while, while he talked to me about moving a car out of the driveway [the car was in the way of an incoming dumpster]). Soon after that, around September, I began feeling like I had to make vocal noises out of my esophagus or else I would feel increasingly physically uncomfortable where I was at. Since then, it has grown into a very loud noise or a very deep noise, or I now can even wave my hands or move objects in certain ways as I hold my thought and I feel drastically *physically* different about what is currently going on. If I smoke marijuana the effect is greatly enhanced and I can think way more clearly if I hold it properly (normally you only hold in smoke for ~3 seconds to get 90% of the THC).

It is time to leave Mystery Babylon (if you're not already out in a rural area, I feel the real Mark of the Beast is coming soon (e.g. require a proof of a COVID-19 vaccine to buy or sell, such as the one they have in India). Department of Homeland Security has purchased the Guillotines and the Hollow Point Bullets back in or before 2016 (no need for DHS to buy Hollow Points, unless they plan to subdue rioters -- e.g. what we are seeing now in the cities in 2020).

There are many massive underground tunnels that FEMA plans to easily deploy and lockdown entire communities. There are jobs open for United Nations Peacekeeper Troops in New York and this was also prophetically mentioned by many (The Blue Helmet People).

See this document and the documents that link off of it for critical information:
https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1PouhhpraaYzs4k_R9UMSPFK9EO9UJoh-ozwbKSKgWYw/edit?usp=sharing

These documents are hosted by Michigan Technological University and cannot be edited by the original owner account (me) because my email was locked out after sending this (probably due to spam) and I haven't received a reply about unlocking it, thus I calculated Jesus would like the documentation to go untouched and preserved. There are No Updates within that set of Documents since August of 2018.

To begin a reproduction of getting Set Free physically, additional advice: cleanse the temple. The temple is your physical body. Cleanse is detoxify. Drink only Highly Purified Water (must remove Fluoride from Water) and eat only raw vegetables, berries, nuts, seeds, and fruits. Powered Superfood such as Maca, Raw Cacao, Ashwagandha,  Chlorella, Spirulina, and Marine Phytoplankton would also make sense if they are not heated to the point in which the enzymes will denature (which is why to truly detox physical body, you cannot eat any cooked foods). Heavy Metals such as Arsenic, Lead, and Fluoride highly disturb a human body's endocrine system and Fluoride will calcify the pineal gland (what is often called the third eye). This could explain why Nazi Germany fluoridation tactics are still in play today: The enemy is the Devil, and their goal is to kill all living organisms. And, this being a game (Creation Vs Destruction), demons are commanded to infiltrate and disturb human thinking, which cause humans to 'take shortcuts',.  such as USA being unable to handle all the fluoride runoff because the Environment Protection mindset prevents dumping of it by farmers into the lakes, so the strategy is to label it as healthy and dissolve it in the water supply. Now, in the mid-1900s, we had many Demon-Alien interacting with Human activity when the Rosewill incident occurred.  This likely incredibly influenced human thinking to do many not healthy things. When Truman covered up the incident, it makes sense why -- when humans realized we are not alone and with the secret cabals that have a lot of control already prevent agreement, it is not easy to tell the American People what the government will do about it.







