

On Jesus will Set You Free -- 

I had a spiritual experience on September 9th, 2016 where I was lifted up from my mind by Jesus and saw over the world. I saw islands beyond the Antarctic Ice Circle. When I was put back down, everything was different. 
I given a knowing and was compelled to write it down immediately after. Some things I typed include, "Jesus has returned like a thief in the knight", "Jesus is the Master of God", "This is the Second Coming", 
and the idea that this reality (God) is technically a game.

I've been compelled to say some crazy truth stuff to a lot of people I know. Almost three years later, everything is still different--even more so. 
My memory is different and my ability to think into the future (e.g. utilize time) has changed. Thinking about doing something simple, such as going to the gas station, is sometimes difficult. Sometimes it is easy. 
I am able to work on my ebay app (python code) sometimes with ease and lightning speed, and other times I can't focus at all and take forever to do something simple.

It is my understanding this is what happens when someone finds the truth and is set free, e.g. "Jesus makes the man who sees blind".
Also, I recognized a man who was next door renovating the house (in Harrison Township, Michigan, August of 2018) to be Jesus as it was a weird encounter: when he talked to me about a car parked in the driveway, 
it felt as if he were reading my mind, and I already knew who he was, even if I've never seen him before.

Beginning around September of 2018, I have had to start making vocal noises to keep my mind sane. Otherwise, my mind will be fogged and I cannot think or do anything.
It is quite odd, although I have an internal understanding I am fighting demons directly. When I close my eyes, I now see funny figures--it is quite crazy. 
I now feel the fear the demons bring on all the people around me, and in all the things we people participate in and use/do.

None of these symptoms occurred before September 9th, 2016. Marijuana helps a lot. I explain what I am doing to family and friends around me , but it is difficult understanding. 
Almost nobody agrees that this nation is at the brink of destruction and the evidence is everywhere. People understand that things are not the best, yes. 
But it will take a shock I believe to get people to understand unless we unite, we are doomed. There are people working on safe haven networks (see LatterRain333 on YouTube), which is awesome. 
On my website (link below) I write about an 'Underground Railroad' which I heard someone on YouTube mention a week or so ago. I think there will be such a thing once the domino effect of disasters come in the next few years.

I understand now that one must cleanse the toxins from the physical body. 
In "cleanse the temple", the "temple" is your body. Fluoride must be removed from toothpaste and drinking water. 
Only raw vegetables, nuts, seeds, and fruit. There is a passage in the Bible I believe that mentions something like, "the pulse tastes bitter but makes one feel good, while meat is sweet but makes you feel bitter". 
This is true. You are what you eat!

See https://josephkodos.wordpress.com/2019/08/22/end-of-age-instructions/ for a larger summary and plenty of documentation of what I've learned about this phenomenon. 
One critical link is the "Table of Contents Data Map" -- last year, I sent out this link (and stuff about geoengineering in Hawaii of 2018) a couple emails to a bunch of people at Michigan Technological University (where I graduated from), 
previous coworkers at Interactive Intelligence (where I worked), and local friends and family.

I doubt anyone here knows any of them -- but it is a small world! I now see that likely, I was guided to send that mass email to a public university to protect me (similar to how Zachary Vorhies set up a dead man's switch) as
the people in the neighborhood have tipped me off as to that they may be a part of a covert organization that does NOT like the truth.
Skull and Bones members may be operating in the neighborhood by signaling porch lights. Porch light was red, then white, then purple, then red. And back and forth.
There is also witchcraft present. This 'transformation' that Jesus did to my body seemingly counters witchcraft as I can feel both positive and negative energy as it is being manifested and navigate away from false evidence appearing real (FEAR) by making this unique noise.

The truth is coming out! The time to prepare is now. I feel most people who are to also experience the same phenomenon as I have will do so in the Wilderness (the Alaskan Triangle area may possibly aid with this), 
as that is the only place I can think of where one can become free of toxins without spending a lot of money to do so within society. 
Everything is energy, and to put on the 'Armor of God' is to raise the frequency that you vibrate at. See the 'Cure Cancer' document in the 'Table of Contents Data Map'.

We may only have until around February of 2020 to get prepared (3.5 years after 9th Sep 2016).
It seems if it wasn't for the changes to my memory and ability to actualize a vision, the level of cognative dissonance in my own mind would be so great I wouldn't be able to function at this level of clarity.
Chuck Youngbrandt's "Order of Events" is falling into place quickly this summer. Many news stores you and others have covered help build the case we are right on time.

My idea since being set free technically has been to educate people on the collapse of the economy. Once people understand, sharing resources makes sense. However, the resistance to the truth is strong and I am not sure who will actually make it out alive.
I'm thinking the time for online communities to meet up in the offline world is coming soon for those who haven't yet. I feel many people are in the same boat as I--surrounded by those who are asleep to the danger in the reality they live in.
And once it is explained but agreement cannot be made, explaining the same thing differently at a later date and being successful in doing so is not easy.
I created a wordpress site (the link above) in a panic in 2016 and back then, only had the "About Me" part filled. I wrote up my story back then, but never finished it. 
What has been written is now available on the "My Story" page. I would liked to add more and polish out the website, but energy is limited. I'd like to add a forum and may do so in the future. Although, US infrastructure could go at any moment.

I have so far prepared a year's worth of survival food, seeds, and some water purification straws. I'll have to barter for more food currently. I would recommend 3.5 year's supplies, otherwise growing your own food and foraging will become a must.
I see this more of a nomadic Wilderness adventure: I'm sure some areas in the USA are prophecised to be safe, but I feel they are temporary safe zones in that people ('players') technically must be out of Mystery Babylon.

I see this will become a mass exodus, towards the Canadian Yukon area once the USA becomes fully war-torn. 
It is my current understanding that the human-like beings at the top of the world will help with the reset of humanity once the time is right, per Admiral Byrd's Arctic report delivered to the US government.
Then, we are transported to Heaven via their Shuttle: the land outside the Antarctic Ice Circle, which is protected by a firmament. I saw a grid of orbs in my mind's eye when I was taken out of the world--each orb, an earth.
Currently I believe there could be a firmament over each Antarctic Ice Circle, infinite land on an infinite plane. 
It is as if one must overlay many different concepts on top of eachother and also know reality is a game to understand how this could be a possibility. 
At this point, after what I've experienced, anything could be possible--all is energy, all 1's and 0's. 

If I learn anything different about the topics I've discussed, I'll post a reply to this comment. Otherwise, I will keep watching for updates until a financial holiday / NET PAUSE / environment event occurs. 

To summarize:
1| One is set free by seeking Truth and Cleanse temple (detox physical body) [the mind going over the world and then realizing you are forever altered upon return is likely what people think the 'rapture' is]
2| Jesus is around, although it seems nobody else locally was able to know he was Jesus. So I doubt we will all be seeing Jesus returning in the sky (this might actually the AntiChrist project BlueBeam)
3| 'Underground Railroad'-style mass exodus to the north. People who are set free may bump into Jesus in the wilderness--or anywhere, actually
4| Salute to all those online and offline who are sharing the truth

--Joseph




